Lab 2
Eli Sobylak

1. Is your browser running HTTP version 1.0 or 1.1? What version of HTTP is the
server running?
	My machine is running HTTP v1.1. And the machine at UMass.edu site is also on HTTP 	1.1
2. What languages (if any) does your browser indicate that it can accept to the
server?
	It says accept language for this browser is en-US
3. What is the IP address of your computer? Of the gaia.cs.umass.edu server?
	My computer: 10.20.77.108
	cs.Umass.edu: 128.119.245.12
4. What is the status code returned from the server to your browser?
	The status code I got back from the website is 200 OK
5. When was the HTML file that you are retrieving last modified at the server?
	It says that is was last-modified: Tues, 06 Oct 2015 05:59:01 GMT\r\n
6. How many bytes of content are being returned to your browser?
	It says for this frame, the 200 OK, Frame 70 for me, was 554 bytes in size.
7. By inspecting the raw data in the packet content window, do you see any headers
within the data that are not displayed in the packet-listing window? If so, name
one.
	I went over each of the sections captured in this frame, Ethernet II, IPv4, TCP, HTP, and text/html and every section 	was included in the raw data in the right hand column 
8. Inspect the contents of the first HTTP GET request from your browser to the
server. Do you see an “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE” line in the HTTP GET?
	I do not see and If-modified-since line in the HTTP GET
9. Inspect the contents of the server response. Did the server explicitly return the
contents of the file? How can you tell?
	When I look at the ‘line-based text data’ I can clearly see the message that was one the sever’s website. I can read 	it:)
10. Now inspect the contents of the second HTTP GET request from your browser to
the server. Do you see an “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE:” line in the HTTP GET? If
so, what information follows the “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE:” header?
	In the second HTTP GET it DOES have an if-modified since line. and It reads ‘Tue, 06 Oct 2015 05:09:01 GMT\r\n’
11. What is the HTTP status code and phrase returned from the server in response to
this second HTTP GET? Did the server explicitly return the contents of the file?
Explain.
	After this second GET,the server I was talking to sent back a 304 ‘Not Modified’ message. I don’t thinks explicitly 	sent me the contents of the file again, instead, I think it checked to see if anything had changed and then if it 	needed to be updated. 
12. How many HTTP GET request messages did your browser send? Which packet
number in the trace contains the GET message for the Bill or Rights?
	There are 3 HTTP GET request messages. The first message contains the GET request for the bill of rights in frame 	number 41
13. Which packet number in the trace contains the status code and phrase associated
with the response to the HTTP GET request?
	Packet number 46. the response was 200 OK
14. What is the status code and phrase in the response?
	the status code was 200, and the response phrase was OK
15. How many data-containing TCP segments were needed to carry the single HTTP
response and the text of the Bill of Rights?
	There are 4 reassembled TCP segments used to carry this HTTP message
16. How many HTTP GET request messages did your browser send? To which
Internet addresses were these GET requests sent?
	It seems to have sent 4 GET requests to the server.It went to a couple of different places to get everything it needed. It went to 
	GET /wireshark-labs/HTTP-wireshark-file4.html HTTP/1.1\r\n
	GET /assets/hip/us/hip_us_pearsonhighered/images/pearson_logo.gif HTTP/1.1\r\n
	GET /~kurose/cover_5th_ed.jpg HTTP/1.1\r\n
	GET /~kurose/cover_5th_ed.jpg HTTP/1.1\r\n
17. Can you tell whether your browser downloaded the two images serially, or
whether they were downloaded from the two web sites in parallel? Explain.
	Im pretty sure it did the latter and pulled the images from two sources in parallel and put it on my screen
18. What is the server’s response (status code and phrase) in response to the initial
HTTP GET message from your browser?
	I only get 404 Not Found messages
19. When your browser’s sends the HTTP GET message for the second time, what
new field is included in the HTTP GET message?
	There is no new field since this loving session doesn’t work for me for various reasons.
