Eli Sobylak
28-nov-15

1. Are DHCP messages sent over UDP or TCP?
	a. They are sent over TCP
2. Draw a timing datagram illustrating the sequence of the first four-packet
Discover/Offer/Request/ACK DHCP exchange between the client and server. For
each packet, indicated the source and destination port numbers. Are the port
numbers the same as in the example given in this lab assignment?
	a. 
	source		dest
	0.0.0.0		255.255.255.255		Discover
	192.168.2.1	255.255.255.255		Offer
	0.0.0.0		255.255.255.255		Request
	192.168.2.1	255.255.255.255		ACK

My computer doesn’t have a command line way to release and renew my ip address(Atlas, I didn’t want to do that on my home network incase it stopped working) and so I used the data on the wireshark lab figure 2.

3. What is the link-layer (e.g., Ethernet) address of your host?
	a. The address of the my ethernet host is 192.168.1.1
4. What values in the DHCP discover message differentiate this message from the
DHCP request message?
	a. The sequence number would be different for sure.
5. What is the value of the Transaction-ID in each of the first four
(Discover/Offer/Request/ACK) DHCP messages? What are the values of the
Transaction-ID in the second set (Request/ACK) set of DHCP messages? What is
the purpose of the Transaction-ID field?
	a. They are both hex values and I can’t quite read them off the wireshark lab. I did notice however that the first set of transaction-ID’s for the first four set are the same, and they second set has its own ID set.

6. A host uses DHCP to obtain an IP address, among other things. But a host’s IP
address is not confirmed until the end of the four-message exchange! If the IP
address is not set until the end of the four-message exchange, then what values are
used in the IP datagrams in the four-message exchange? For each of the four
DHCP messages (Discover/Offer/Request/ACK DHCP), indicate the source and
destination IP addresses that are carried in the encapsulating IP datagram.
	a. They use 0.0.0.0
7. What is the IP address of your DHCP server?
	a. 
8. What IP address is the DHCP server offering to your host in the DHCP Offer
message? Indicate which DHCP message contains the offered DHCP address.
9. In the example screenshot in this assignment, there is no relay agent between the
host and the DHCP server. What values in the trace indicate the absence of a relay
agent? Is there a relay agent in your experiment? If so what is the IP address of
the agent?
10. Explain the purpose of the router and subnet mask lines in the DHCP offer
message.
11. In the DHCP trace file noted in footnote 2, the DHCP server offers a specific IP
address to the client (see also question 8. above). In the client’s response to the
 3 What do we mean by “annotate”? If you hand in a paper copy, please highlight where in the printout
you’ve found the answer and add some text (preferably with a colored pen) noting what you found in what
you ‘ve highlight. If you hand in an electronic copy, it would be great if you could also highlight and
annotate.
first server OFFER message, does the client accept this IP address? Where in the
client’s RESPONSE is the client’s requested address?
12. Explain the purpose of the lease time. How long is the lease time in your
experiment?
13. What is the purpose of the DHCP release message? Does the DHCP server issue
an acknowledgment of receipt of the client’s DHCP request? What would happen
if the client’s DHCP release message is lost?
14. Clear the bootp filter from your Wireshark window. Were any ARP packets sent
or received during the DHCP packet-exchange period? If so, explain the purpose
of those ARP packets.